

# The City-Model is a Prison System

We are imprisoned in concrete hells.
Hostile enviroment.
Food that poisons


poisons our bodies and minds

through food
stressful situation
enviroment
psychological bombardment
brainwashing, mindcontrol
The rape of the human soul.
rape = taken advantage of


#
Bullets work well on these motherfuckers.

Age is not a boundary to health
salia > saha

A New Way of Life

Life Science

Body - diet isometric exercise stretching, tibetan rites, breathing, kriya
Mind -  
Soul - akashaic practices




Scenario:
1. Lose memory. In random place. Speaking another language.
keep falling over

2. The Tablet is my awakening. Produce it for Him.

3. Language?


1. Lifeboat.
Alien accidently put in human body.
2. 



Psychosis Butterfly

sugar is an addiction its what makes u feel hungry and want more sugar

I believe these are psychic people in nature. Their methods are also unknown to me.
-----

What do I do?

Start again.
Be born again in body.
The body is the mind corporealised.
The body is the outward sign of inner realities.
Purify the body and you create a purer  and truer experresion for the One Mind.
 




------
A New Routine for the Day is needed.

------

Meditation of some sort
Breathing
Kriya

------

Faith
seven virtues

a demon expeld is an exorcism
fasting and prayer
fasting means resctriction and dicipline.
prayer means faith and intention, will.

The Messiah is God in us and we must obey
we are but vessels of clay
not god but best as vessel

pauls letters



the God you are looking for is looking for you
free us from the thoughts that impriosn us

why feel anxiety in gut
where parasites are

------
Tau'ri is the name the Goa'uld gave to the humans of The First World, called such because it is where humans evolved into being. Therefore, the First World is Earth. All humans in the Milky Way galaxy are descended from the Tau'ri of Earth.
--
Treat it like an addiction, then. Wean yourself off it. When you think you want to jump on the internet, find something else to do, maybe something you've been putting off for a while.
--
NWO

UK getting rid of middleclass. Lower class get their benefit payments, rich get to make £££ from stock market etc.

Middle class get fucked. If your business does 50k of revenue or more a year, you get nothing.

Next thing will be pension raiding to pay for the lower classes.

Eventually there will just be the rich and the lower class, who live off the Government (socialism). Proles and the controllers.

gg

But if you don't care about money then it doesn't affect you. Just say no to vaccines.



